README.md, before:

# dtrim ![Status](https://github.com/runk/dtrim/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)

_dtrim_ is a tool for trimming deep/lengthy javascript structures. Some potential usages are: debugging, logging or data sanitization. Fully configurable.

Caters for:

- Big arrays
- Objects with lots of keys
- Nested, deep structures
- Objects with circular references
- Long strings
- Buffers
- Functions

#### Installation

```shell
npm i dtrim
```

#### Usage

```typescript
import * as dtrim from 'dtrim'

const trim = dtrim.trimmer({ depth: 4 });
const nasty = { ... a big, deep and nasty object here ... };
const nice = trim(nasty);
```

#### Options

_dtrim.trimmer([options])_

- `options`: `<Object>`

  - `depth`: `<number>` Trim depth - all structures deeper than this will be omitted from output. This is useful for truncating large complicated objects. To make it return full structure, pass `Infinity` or some arbitrary large number. _Default_: `4`.
  - `size`: `<number>` Trim size - all objects and arrays that are longer/bigger than specified size will be trimmed. Note on trimming objects: because order of properties is not guaranteed by javascript spec, objects with number of properties bigger than _size_ will be represented as string `"Object(N)"`. To make it return full structure, pass `Infinity` or some arbitrary large number. _Default_: `64`.
  - `string`: `<number>` Trim strings that are longer than specified number. To make it return full structure, pass `Infinity` or some arbitrary large number. _Default_: `512`.
  - `buffer`: `<boolean>` Substitues instances of a `Buffer` object with their string representation: `"Buffer(N)"`. _Default_: `true`.
  - `getters`: `<boolean>` Omits getter fields in objects and classes from the result. _Default_: `true`.

- Returns: `<Function>` - trimmer function that accepts input argument of any type.

#### License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: Add `ignore` option (#484)
* Add ignore key

* update readme

* Update README.md

* covert to set

* fix readme

README.md, after:

# dtrim ![Status](https://github.com/runk/dtrim/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)

_dtrim_ is a tool for trimming deep/lengthy javascript structures. Some potential usages are: debugging, logging or data sanitization. Fully configurable.

Caters for:

- Big arrays
- Objects with lots of keys
- Nested, deep structures
- Objects with circular references
- Long strings
- Buffers
- Functions

#### Installation

```shell
npm i dtrim
```

#### Usage

```typescript
import * as dtrim from 'dtrim'

const trim = dtrim.trimmer({ depth: 4 });
const nasty = { ... a big, deep and nasty object here ... };
const nice = trim(nasty);
```

#### Options

_dtrim.trimmer([options])_

- `options`: `<Object>`

  - `depth`: `<number>` Trim depth - all structures deeper than this will be omitted from output. This is useful for truncating large complicated objects. To make it return full structure, pass `Infinity` or some arbitrary large number. _Default_: `4`.
  - `size`: `<number>` Trim size - all objects and arrays that are longer/bigger than specified size will be trimmed. Note on trimming objects: because order of properties is not guaranteed by javascript spec, objects with number of properties bigger than _size_ will be represented as string `"Object(N)"`. To make it return full structure, pass `Infinity` or some arbitrary large number. _Default_: `64`.
  - `string`: `<number>` Trim strings that are longer than specified number. To make it return full structure, pass `Infinity` or some arbitrary large number. _Default_: `512`.
  - `buffer`: `<boolean>` Substitues instances of a `Buffer` object with their string representation: `"Buffer(N)"`. _Default_: `true`.
  - `getters`: `<boolean>` Omits getter fields in objects and classes from the result. _Default_: `true`.
  - `retain`: `<Set<string>>` A set of root paths to ignore while at depth 0. For example trimming `{a: FooClass}` with `new Set(['a'])` will result in `{a: FooClass}` instead of `{a: {}}`. _Default_: `new Set()`

- Returns: `<Function>` - trimmer function that accepts input argument of any type.

#### License

MIT
